# JKMHelper


JKMHelper is a utility to generate verification codes to authenticate users. 

# Features

  - Generate a verification code that is 4-9 digits in length.
  - Generate an HTML snippet with the verification code. 
 
You can also:
  - Configure the length of the verification code generated, without writing any code. 
  - Configure the HTML generated by the utility, again, without writing any code. 

### Tech

JKMHelper uses following tech stack.

* [.Net 4.5] - The utility can be switched to target a lower framework version, if needed.
* [xUnit Test] - Unit test framework used to test the code.

And of course C#. 

### Installation

JKMHelper can be used by simply adding a reference to the JKMHelper.dll file. 

### Usage
JKMHelper can be used in two different modes.

1) Generate just the code. 
This method allows creation of verification code that can be sent to customer via any means (including phone calls). 
Below is the code snippet to use this feature. 
```
//
Generator generatorObject = new Generator();
int VerificationCode = generatorObject.GetVerificationCode(VerificationCodeLength);
```
That's it. Simply create an object of the class "Generator". Then call the "GetVerificationCode" function. This function takes the length of the verification code as parameter. The function will return the verification code as an integer. 

If the code generation fails, this function will return 0. 


2) Generate HTML snippet with the code
This method allows creation of an HTML that can be embedded in webpages or auto generated emails. Below is the code snippet to use this feature. 
```
Generator generatorObject = new Generator();
string VerificationCodeHtmlSnippet = generatorObject.GetVerificationHtml(VerificationCodeLength);
```
That's it. Simply create an object of the class "Generator". Then call the "GetVerificationHtml" function. This function takes the length of the verification code as parameter. The function will return an HTML snippet as a string. 

If the code generation fails, this function will return an empty string. 

That's all folks!!!!
### Todos

 - Provide option to generate character based verification code, instead of just numbers.